feat: describe retroactive payment methods in Chargeback 2.0 (#981)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.project-metering.md

Transparency around updates in finalized chargeback statements in CSV exports and API will follow soon. Currently only the latest data is reflected in CSV export and via the API.

#### Retroactive Payment Methods

> The following only applies, if payment methods are [configured](meshstack.billing-configuration.md#available-metadata-keys) to be required for chargeback statements (you can request this via [meshcloud support](mailto:support@meshcloud.io)). When no payment method is active on a project (e.g. when the previous payment method expired), chargeback statements are not created at the end of a month. Only when an active payment method is applied at a later point in time, the chargeback statement generation resumes. The Chargeback Statement will then be created at the point in time where the payment method is set and also past months will be generated accordingly, if the payment method was applied retroactively. 
> 
> Tenant Usage Reports instead will be generated and also finalized, if no payment method is available. They just don't have a payment method set. This must be considered in further processing. Once the payment method is available, these Tenant Usage Reports get updated and a new version for them is created that contains the payment method. Via the meshTenantUsageReport API, those updated meshTenantUsageReports are then included in the next request that is made with the finalizedAfter query paramater set. It behaves the same way as if [late bills from providers](#late-bills-from-providers) arrive.
> 
> Here, a concrete example for the case, that the payment method is configured as relevant for Chargeback Statements:
> 
> - **No Payment Method (Jan–Apr 2025)**:
>   - during months with no payment method set, tenant usage reports are finalized without a payment method
>   - chargeback statements aren't generated because they require a payment method
> - **Payment Method Added (May 2025)**:
>   - chargeback statements (from Jan–Apr) are generated
>   - previous tenant usage reports (from Jan-Apr) without a payment method are cancelled and updated ones that include the payment method are generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following only applies, if payment methods are [configured](meshstack.billing-configuration.md#available-metadata-keys) to be required for chargeback statements (you can request this via [meshcloud support](mailto:support@meshcloud.io)). If a project doesn’t have a payment method because the previous one expired and no new method has been set, chargeback statements will not be generated. Tenant usage reports, however, will still be created and finalized without a payment method.

When a new payment method is added, the system retroactively generates chargeback statements for all missing months, applying the newly added payment method. Tenant usage reports for the affected months are updated to include the new payment method, resulting in updated labels for these reports. Additionally, via the meshTenantUsageReport API, you can check the updated reports by using the finalizedAfter parameter with the date when the payment method expired.

Example:

- Let’s say it’s February 2025, and your payment method for 2024 expired. If you haven’t added a new one yet, no chargeback statements will be generated for January and February 2025, but tenant usage reports will still be available without an associated payment method.
- Now, imagine you add a new payment method at the end of March 2025. In this case, the system will regenerate tenant usage reports and generate chargeback statements for January, February, and March 2025, applying the new payment method to those months.
- The regenerated tenant usage reports and chargeback statements with the added payment method will display an updated label under the "Status" column on the chargeback and tenant usage reports pages. You can also identify these updates via the meshTenantUsageReport API by specifying the finalizedAfter parameter with the date when the payment method expired.
```
